1 Introduction
  1.1 Purpose
    This documnent gives a detailed functional and non_functional requirements for hotel room booking.
    The purpose of this document is that the requirements mentioned in it should be utilizedby software devloper to implement the system. 
  1.2 Scope
    "Hotel Room Booking " is an attempt to simulate the basic concept of an online hotel room booking.
    The system enables to perform the following function:
      SEARCH FOR AN HOTEL
      BOOKING A SELECTED ROOM
      PAYMENT
      CANCELLATION
      IMPROVED AND OPTIMIZED SERVICE
  1.3 Overview
      This system provides an easy solution to the customers to keep track of reservation.
      
2 General description
  This enables the clients to enqiry about the rooms that are available on the basis of client requirements, such as room with AC or without AC and the timings.
  2.1 User manual
      The system should provide the "Help" option, which gives detailed information of the system and it shoild also provide soft copy of booked ticket.

3 Functional Requirement.
    3.1 Description
        The identity of the customer will be verified and then entered to the database. 
        The system will display customer photograph along with their name and id proof.
        It will also send a e-mail after sucessfull booking of room
    3.2 Technical Issues
        The system will be implemented in C programming language.
        
4 Functional Description
    4.1 GUI
        GUI 1 : Main menu will be provide along with options such as Login,forget Password, Help.
        GUI 2 : By clicking on login button, he will be redirected to main page.
        GUI 3 : Help option will describe the fuctionality of the system. It will be written in simple HTML format.
    4.2 Hardware Interface
        Hardware Interface1 : The system will be embedded in laptop.
    4.3 Software Interface
        Software Interface1 : E-mail message generator, whcih generates startd message.
        Software Interface2 : Report generates
        
5 Performance requirements
    The email will be sent within a minute after booking hotel.
    The system will work on any device and at any place.
    
6 Design constrains
    The system should be designed within 6 months.
    
7. Other non-fuctional attributes
    7.1 Security
        The system will provide password to login on to the screen.
    7.2 Reliability
        Due to wireless conectivity reliability can be guaranteed.
    7.3 Availability
        The system will be available on all browsers.
    7.4 Reuseability
        The same will be used for booking room again and again.
        
8. Operational Scenarios
    The database room will contain customer name, mobile number, gmail id ect.
    
9. Premliminary Schedule
    The system has been implemented in 7 months.
    
  
